Update data-store-decision-tree.md (#4655)
MicrosoftDocs/architecture-center: docs/guide/technology-choices/data-store-decision-tree.md

![Data store decision tree](./images/data-store-decision-tree.png)

> Azure Database for MariaDB will be retired on 19 September 2025, please migrate to Azure Database for MySQL Flexible Server instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!CAUTION]
> Azure Database for MariaDB will be retired in September 2025, please select Azure Database for MySQL Flexible Server instead. To learn more, see [What's happening to Azure Database for MariaDB](/azure/mariadb/migrate/whats-happening-to-mariadb).
```

![Data store decision tree](./images/data-store-decision-tree.png)

> [!CAUTION]

> > Azure Database for MariaDB will be retired in September 2025, please select Azure Database for MySQL Flexible Server instead. To learn more, see [What's happening to Azure Database for MariaDB](/azure/mariadb/migrate/whats-happening-to-mariadb).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Azure Database for MariaDB will be retired in September 2025. Please select Azure Database for MySQL Flexible Server instead. To learn more, see [What's happening to Azure Database for MariaDB](/azure/mariadb/migrate/whats-happening-to-mariadb).
```
